[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Would you advise me to travel
to Egypt and enter the pyramids
to meditate?
Is it positive energy?
>> Yes, that is why I say they
will not understand because it
has no material function useful
to the modern mind because it
is to achieve things that
are not supposed to exist.
It is extraterrestrial
understanding.
You have to think like
an extraterrestrial,
not with material
profit, nor with nonsense
like religious beliefs
like tombs that everyone
knows they are not.
Again, they tell you
all in Hollywood.
In the 1997, Hollywood
film "Contact,"
where plans arrived
from deep space
to create an incredibly
expensive large machine, which
is believed to have many
complicated functions,
such as a portal or
a means of transport.
In the end, that
great colossal machine
is only to give a
mystical experience
to whoever makes it work.
And you can see
there how society
discredits that experience
in the end, worthless.
That is what pyramids are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
They were constructed
as power plants.
Pyramids are the perfect shape
for planetary based zero point
energy.
But as a side effect
from such a power plant,
they become portals, as
well, mostly astral portals,
helping people fly.
Astral travel, remote
view, live that way.
They can also be full
blown portals where
material things go to and from.
They also work in an array,
bringing a certain frequency
to a planet, even
moving the entire planet
to a higher realm or density.
They connect with
others in key ley line
places all over a planet and
create an energy grid that
sustains a planet
in high vibration
and that can even be
controlled at will.
This is a very similar
way as starship's engine
keeps the ship and itself in
another density wherever it is.
Some pyramids don't even need to
have complex mechanisms inside.
As they work with vibrational
synchronicity reflecting
and vibrating to
the same frequency
other pyramids vibrate too.
With that, they also
contribute to sustain
their planetary frequency
and also augment
the power producing efficiency
of those that do have
electric components inside.
The pyramids are frequency
generators, placed there
at the same time as the moon.
They had to take part on
the creation of the matrix,
but under federation
control, they
could be capable of
removing the lunar
matrix by changing
the frequencies
and mingling with
the ones of the moon.
In a very real way,
providing a way
to control the
frequency of the Earth
without having to go
all the way to the moon.
Those are the main
functions of a pyramid.
They were built for
those specific purposes
from the very beginning.
Also, note that
some pyramids were
built as monuments to pyramids.
I mean, they don't do
much, only be there.
The true purpose of
the Great Pyramids
is to augment the potential
of everyone who is inside them
for interstellar travel at will.
Astral flight with or
without, their physical body
remains the same.
The transmutation of
personal energy of the self
into another dimension
with all intention
of doing it or achieving it.
Yes, it can be done
without a pyramid,
because you are
an energetic torus
and an energetic torus
is a merkaba, which
are two interlocking pyramids.
You already are the pyramid.
>> Under the pyramids is there
another inverted pyramid?
>> Yes and no.
A pyramid, the one
on the physical side,
it is what you see.
The other pyramid is
energetically intertwined
with the one you can see.
The other pyramid is
inverted to form the merkaba.
It is not under the material
pyramid, it is intertwined.
>> Wow.
Is it intertwined in an
energetic way, one physical
and the other non-material?
>> A pyramid is material.
The other is on the
other side, spirit world.
The ether.
Creating the merkaba, thus
creating the flow of energy
called free.
>> Is it true that visualizing
yourself in this merkaba,
it is a vehicle for
interdimensional travel?
>> Visualizing yourself is
activating an intention.
Yes, it works.
That's how it works.
Egypt, because it is
in a specific place,
like the geometric center of
the Earth on the ley lines,
and this increases the energy
efficiency of the pyramids
and also distributes
and connects the energy
distribution with other pyramids
in other parts of the world.
Mostly also on the ley lines.
It's the main point.
It was chosen as the
main dump base as well.
>> Dump as a general base
for the United Federation
of planets, and if we
went down into that dump,
what could we find?
Is there some kind of
ancient library of knowledge?
Some kind of quartz crystal or
one of those new age stories?
>> Downstairs, there is a
base as it was back then.
That is, it does not look
like an Egyptian relic,
but they are metal and composite
corridors with pneumatic doors
and equipment below.
I don't know what
exactly, but I do
know that there would
be places of recreation,
places with bedrooms, kitchens,
common areas, laboratories,
and rooms full of
computer equipment
and location navigation for
ships, portals, and warehouses.
Engineering places, such as
support and accommodation
systems for various species.
Places like medical centers,
met bots, small ships.
In the computers, there
will be information.
Everything is
dormant and damaged
but some things will work.
It is equivalent to what was
found under Mount Bucegi.
>> Do the authorities
know about this?
>> Partially at best.
They hide so much that I
cannot know how much they know
precisely.
>> How long have the pyramids
operated for and when did they
stop working?
Could you locate us
more or less in time?
>> They worked for about
3,000 years, maybe more.
I can't pin it down.
In Meritaten's day,
they no longer worked.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Do you know how fast the
Great Pyramid was built?
>> In a couple of
years at the most.
I cannot specify these
last two questions.
>> About the astral travel
function, out of body travel,
what is there in the pyramid
that helped and made it
possible?
The pyramid shape?
>> It's mostly the shape
of the pyramid itself.
In itself, that
geometric shape makes
a spiral of energy
rebound in its interior
and is of high frequency.
It is mainly concentrated
in the Queen's Chamber,
but the entire
interior is affected.
This in itself increases
the connection with source,
making all astral
experiences more efficient.
It is a natural hub or
amplifier for consciousness
due to its internal
high frequencies.
It is like immersing a
person and body in a higher
vibrational density.
In fact, that's
what happens inside.
The frequency inside is
much higher than outside.
>> But why did it have to be so
huge if only the shape helps?
>> In itself, any pyramid--
even the size of a hand--
increases their
frequency in general.
But at these larger sizes,
the concentration of energy
is gigantic.
The Great Pyramid itself
is one of the three master
pyramids of the Earth, along
with two other main ones,
the one of the sun in Mexico
and the one in Alaska.
>> Alaska?
I've never heard of that one.
>> It is in a militarized zone.
There is another there.
There are pyramids everywhere
on Earth, big and small,
and even submerged.
Bermuda.
There is more in the Crimea
and there is a Taygeta base
below, abandoned.
>> Who had access to these
pyramids to make these types
of trips and have
these experiences?
Was it for the mystery
circles or anyone could enter?
>> Back then, pre-dynastic
Egypt was holographic.
Anyone could access the
pyramids and do this.
>> And is there Federation
activity in that area today?
>> Yes, it is under
constant supervision,
but it is the area
of the cabal today.
>> Does it mean anything
that they are basically three
pyramids in Egypt?
>> There are many
pyramids in Egypt,
but the Great Pyramid is
the main one and the base
of the others.
>> But I imagine that this
disposition is not accidental.
>> Not the Orion one, but
for Egypt, Orion is Osiris.
Orion has nothing to do
with reptiles and Greys.
>> What do you mean
not the Orion one?
I do not understand
this phrase, Swaruu.
>> The three main pyramids of
Giza are aligned with Orion
but that is in honor
or in line with Osiris.
Osiris-- Orion
for the Egyptians.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What is the relationship
between the obelisks
and the pyramids,
if there is any?
What were they for or
what do they indicate?
>> Yes, they are
all over the world.
It is atenism based on Egypt.
It is a phallic symbol
pointing upwards
holding a pyramid that
represents the three
deities of the constellation of
triangulum, Enlil, Anu, and EA.
The obelisk is an offering
to those three deities.
It is a look up.
Where there is an obelisk,
it means that the illuminati
have control over that
place and/or it is
one of their main basis cities.
It is power antenna two.
>> What do those obelisks
have to do with Enlil then?
The obelisk people are cabal.
>> Not only Enlil.
Also Anu and EA.
Anu, equals almighty
creator God.
EA equals Yahweh or Allah.
Enlil equals Elohim:
gods, plural.
Yahweh is not a person.
It is an event.
It is a creative orgasm.
It is the big bang as a
Yahweh, creative explosion.
It is a hijacked symbol
like so many others.
>> And do you know if it is true
that there was a fourth black
pyramid?
>> There are traces
that there was another,
but it was never finished
and it did not pass the stage
of the base and foundations.
However, yes, there
was another Sphinx.
That is why Ishtar stands on
two lions that symbolize Egypt.
The two sphinxes.
>> Do you know anything
more about that?
>> Yes there were two.
One succumbed and they were
like the caretakers of the area
at the entrance to the Valley.
Below, there are two
dumps, one below the other.
They are ancient.
They contain many secrets.
All this is hyper documented
and it is not my opinion alone.
>> Do you know what's in there?
>> Yes, I even have the map.
It is an extraterrestrial
base with everything
that you would
expect to be found
inside an extraterrestrial base.
Of course, they don't want
that to leak to the public.
>> But is it
abandoned or active?
>> It is abandoned because it's
suffered a lot of damage from
the flood.
There are two, one on top
of the other that is below.
>> And are they of
the same ET race?
Do you know what
race it belongs to?
>> It was the Federation base,
therefore it had many races
there, including us, compound
base, not race specific.
Basically, the
base was positive.
Later, the Egyptian culture
around the pyramids grew.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> A question, there is
something that is not very
clear to me.
It is about the
subject of slaves.
There are many geoglyphs
with images like slaves,
and many will cling to that
when we say that slavery did not
exist in Egypt.
>> I am not the only one who
claims that there were no
slaves, but that doesn't mean
that slaves were never used
throughout those 10,000 years.
But as a culture, it did
not use slaves but workers.
In this picture, those
are prisoners of war.
Notice that above, they
are tied around the neck.
That is prisoners.
Below, they are pulling things.
That is workers.
The concept of slaves
is biblical as selling
Enlil's side as the bad guys
as having Israelites as slaves.
They do not conceive that
people could work like this.
But not only me, many
terrestrial researchers
strongly assured that
these are not slaves.
They are workers.
It is the Romans who imposed
the concept of slavery
in Egypt to fulfill an agenda.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Please explain, Swaruu,
exactly how they were built.
>> It's the second
question after,
"What is their function?",
that people ask.
Levitation with
anti-gravity devices
then pulled to their
locations with the use
of a crane that was installed
in the King's Chamber.
In the case of the
Cheops Pyramid.
The pulleys and where the system
was installed is still there.
The levitation was only to
remove most of its weight.
>> The cranes?
>> It was built in a
spiral movement or way.
>> How were the cranes powered?
>> Electricity and hydraulics.
Man power with the small ones,
because the stones were not
that heavy.
>> There was electricity?
>> Back then, all Egypt had
electricity in every home.
They were built with several
methods, not just one.
Humans always expect only one.
They mobilized quarry
limestone found further south
as officially described.
They were cut with energy
tools, industrial lasers,
and compressed sound source.
More than anything,
compressed sound source.
Lasers take second place.
The storms were then levitated
into place using anti gravity
and also sound.
Sonic levitation is a
system that is widely
used in ancient
constructions, including those
in Peru among other places.
Even so, a system
of support cranes
was used that were in what is
now known as the Great Chamber.
A large external ramp was
not used as many suggest,
since the construction
of said ramp
exceeds that of
the pyramid itself.
That is illogical.
But spiraling ramps were
used within the same pyramid.
Ramps that are still there
because there are still hollow
places.
They are the ramps.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Liquid stone,
liquidated with sound,
was used as a means of
filling and holding or gluing
between the stones
and the structures.
Liquid stone for
the external ones.
They were put into place
with the use of molds.
>> Liquid stone like cement?
>> Not exactly.
Components like
cement are brittle
and of inferior quality.
I mean that, with a certain
temperature, assisted
by sonic frequencies, according
to the frequency of the stone,
it liquefies.
This form of construction,
by liquefying stone,
is still used in Taygeta as
a base construction medium
for buildings and houses.
That is not building by mold,
that is constructing by cuts.
It is made with a plasma tip
like a plasma laser beam.
And according to what they
say, that chaotic shape
only increases the strength
of the construction
by having angular pyramidal
triangular geometry
of great structural strength.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It should be said that each
construction is different.
The plasma tip does not
apply in all places.
Egyptian technology also
used sound levitation
without anti-gravity assistance.
>> Yes, especially the
function of the pyramidal.
>> The energy capacitated?
It was pure white quartz
covered in gold leaf.
Those ones were not at
the tips of the pyramids.
They had energy
concentrating properties
and served as wireless tesla
power transmission antennas.
So liquefied limestone with
specific sound frequencies
was used.
You withdraw them and it
returns to being solid.
>> Who is credited
with the construction?
>> It is attributed to Enoch and
Thoth, but as with everything,
it was a cooperative
construction of the Federation.
With the local population as
also part of the Federation
or as under the Federation wing.
Some say that Enoch and
Thoth were the same person.
Under and in the dumps
there under Giza in general,
not only the Sphinx, there
is a large underground city
abandoned, referred to by the
ancients as the labyrinth.
It was an old Federation base
with multiracial members.
Directly under the Sphinx,
there are several chambers
that lead to a library.
And under the library,
there is the tomb of Osiris,
and towards the pyramids,
there is an entrance
to several tunnels that
lead to the pyramids
and to the labyrinth,
or dump, below.
>> You know the date of its
construction more or less,
the Sphinx and date of pyramids
construction, more or less?
>> About dates.
Before 12,500, time gets funny
and impossible to calculate
due to the plasticity it holds.
But as an educated linear guess,
the Sphinx is over 35,000 years
old.
I know the pyramids
are also said
to be as much as
30,000 years old,
but to the best of my data,
they are closer to 15,000 years
old--
Giza, and some are as young
as 12,000 to 11,000 years old.
As I said above, you cannot
calculate time that is not
a linear as it
was not back then,
and the pyramids at Giza do not
show the same water damage that
the Sphinx does display.
So they could not have
been built at the same time
and the water damage
in the pyramids
give you a clue
that it was produced
by minor floods such as the ones
the Nile would produce and not
because of a cataclysmic
inundation event water
damage such as the one
that Sphinx does display.
Meaning it was totally submerged
at the time of the flood coming
from Tiamat's destruction.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXPLOSION]
>> And it was always used as
a Federation base then at that
time too before the matrix?
>> Again, it is hard to tell,
but it was a Federation base
for tens of thousands of years.
The underground base
is immense and consists
of two basic immense
layers, one above the other.
The entrance halls to
the dump below Giza
are only 30 to 60 meters deep.
Very shallow.
[MUSIC PLAYING]